OBJECTIVE SENTENCES:
Title.
Olympic promise of free swimming lessons by 2012.
Abandoned, derelict, covered in graffiti and rubbish: What is left of Athens' £9billion Olympic 'glory'.
The countdown to London 2012 begins as thousands celebrate handover of Olympic flag to Britain.
Boris Johnson promises 'tens of millions' to realise 2012 vision of a British Olympic legacy in 2012.
Spurs and West Ham bid for new homes as 2012 venues up for grabs.
Ministers vow to raise the bar so schoolchildren do five hours of sport a week before 2012 Olympics.
20,000 migrant workers register for London Olympics jobs - despite pledge to provide work for local people.
Ministers 'knew 2012 Olympics will bring little benefit to Britain'.
Where is the Olympic legacy?'
Zara Phillips slams decision to build temporary equestrian event centre in Greenwich.
Over 60s and under 16s to swim for free at council pools in new Olympic drive.
Olympic chiefs suspended over £100m blunder.
PATRICK COLLINS: Elizabeth Park?
Martin Samuel: Tessa Jowell deserves an Olympic medal in utter madness.
West Ham boosted in Olympic Stadium battle with Tottenham as UK Athletics back bid.
Moving Tottenham to east London would rip 'the heart and soul' out of the club's community.
Des Kelly: Spurs vandals musn't wreck Olympic legacy.
Tottenham and West Ham fight for the 2012 venue.
will the Olympic stadium end up in foreign hands?.
Spurs fans protest over Olympic Stadium move but advisor voices 'white elephant' fears.
West Ham's plans for Olympic Stadium would turn it into graveyard says Harry Redknapp.
Tessa Sanderson warns Olympic Stadium chiefs: I'll take legal action unless you let me vote for West Ham or Spurs.
Charles Sale: 2012 Olympic Stadium legacy expert left two years ago.
Tottenham's hopes of securing London's Olympic Stadium in 2012 rise as research exposes legacy myth.
West Ham chief Karren Brady blasts Spurs: It would be a 'corporate crime' to knock down Olympic stadium.
Karren Brady is scaremongering, Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy hits back over Olympic Stadium 'crime' slur.
Spurs must win Olympic Stadium bid, says key London 2012 figure Mike Lee.
David Sullivan slams Spurs in Olympic Stadium battle.
Will London have an Olympic 2012 legacy or is the development at Starford just another load of white elephants?.
Kenny Dalglish: Can Jack Wilshere make his mark against the real giants of football?.
West Ham to face Olympic Stadium fight over moving into Orient's patch.
London 2012 Olympics: OPLC launch internal probe after West Ham link.
London 2012: Foreign Office hands 'Olympic Legacy' cash to Bolivia.
Spurs force West Ham Olympic Stadium deal collapse.
London 2012 Olympics: West Ham deal to take over stadium collapses.
London 2012 Olympics: Sebastian Coe rejects Olympic Stadium 'white elephant' tag.
Martin Samuel: Dan Wheldon - safety first, or sport becomes a killer.
Ikea unveils plans for 26-acre London district near Olympic Park.
London can win 2017 World Championships says Ed Warner.
London 2012 Olympics costs are unacceptable as we teeter on the edge of a slump.
Manchester United will make sure UEFA see them right: Martin Samuel.
London 2012 Olympics: Legacy is secure, says David Cameron.
London 2012 Olympics: Fourth man arrested in stadium spy probe.
London 2012 Olympics may go £2bn into the red and main stadium could become a white elephant.
London 2012 Olympics runs £2bn over budget as security costs double.
Olympic legacy boost as London to host 2015 EuroHockey Championships.
LONDON 2012: We need a China crisis, warns Pete Waterfield.
Olympic torch: Ikea lights the way with 40m high tower in 26-acre suburb near London's 2012 park.
London 2012 Olympics: Tim Brabants leads Team GB canoe sprint squad.
Team GB fans need to make some songs - Laura Williamson.
London 2012's Olympic flame burns bright but it's riot smoke that still hangs over Britain.
London 2012 Olympics: Legacy is in our hands - Des Kelly.
Lord Coe: Our children will be less fit than we are warns former Olympic champion.
London 2012 closing ceremony: How capital took Olympics to its heart.
London 2012 Olympics: The best pictures.
London 2012 Olympics: Sir Mervyn King warns Olympics surge won't alter the economic outlook.
Here is an immediate Olympic legacy to announce today.
Here is an immediate Olympic legacy to announce today.
Olympics 2012: What we can take away from the London Games.
School playing fields 'in danger' as ministers relax rules on eve of the Olympics.
Backlash grows over plans to cut back on school playing fields introduced days before Olympics.
A nation of 62m trolls?
Football needs to show its humanity like in the Olympics - Gary Neville.
Tory councils sell more playing fields than Labour.
So much for the Olympic legacy!
School gym where children collapse from heat exhaustion has air-con fitted for Games removed once athletes leave.
Rugby chiefs want to use Olympic Stadium in 2015 World Cup.
London has pushed the Paralympics to a new height': What the world made of 2012 Games.
Wilson Kipsang wins Great North Run while Jo Pavey impresses.
JANET STREET-PORTER: Sport?
Young women don't want to chip their false nails.
EU probe into football aid may scupper West Ham's Olympic Stadium move.
London 2012 Olympics came under budget.
Michael Gove dismisses 150,000 who signed petition against new school field rules.
So much for this Olympic legacy: Fury at muddy state of park used for equestrian events that is still closed to public six months on.
New Year honours list: 127 Olympians led by Bradley Wiggins.
Laura Williamson: London's legacy?
Baroness Susan Campbell: Thousands unable to jump, throw a ball or run when they start secondary school.
Usain Bolt London Grand Prix Olympic Stadium.
Usain Bolt to earn £200,000 at Paris Diamond League.
Lord Sebastian Coe says shutting Don Valley Stadium is not a blow to London 2012 legacy.
Don Valley Stadium redevelopment plans announced.
Laura Williamson column - David Cameron £150m grant for primary school sport too late to capitalise on London 2012 Olympic legacy.
West Ham unveil Olympic Stadium plans after signing tenancy deal.
West Ham Olympic Stadium where's my share?
Des Kelly.
Martin Samuel: West Ham moving to the Olympic Stadium is the ONLY option aside from a bulldozer.
Olympic legacy?
The party's over.
JOANNA ROWSELL: It's great to keep the Olympic legacy going at events such as the London Youth Games.
50 playing fields sold in three years: Sell-off is a 'threat to our Olympic legacy'.
Our Olympic legacy.
a new shopping centre for Croydon: South London town to benefit as Games 'boost UK economy by £10million'.
Sebastian Coe: Drug cheats are driving bulldozer through our history.
As we win the Ashes Test and Tour de France, MPs say children should avoid competitive sports because it can put them off exercise for life.
They made us so proud.
But I'm afraid the Olympic legacy is bitter disappointment.
Don't hit the panic button over the Olympic legacy.
we're still winning - Laura Williamson.
A cool Olympic legacy: Giant indoor ski centre in East London will be biggest in UK.
Pupils taught two hours of PE a week 'halves under Coalition government'.
London rides the crest of a wave as cycling becomes major focus of Olympic legacy.
Olympic legacy!
London velodrome to host World Championships in 2016.
CHARLES SALE: West Ham and Leyton Orient condemned for 'squabbling like children' over Olympic Stadium.
Work on Olympic Stadium roof begins at West Ham's new home.
First residents move into London 2012 Athletes' Village after accommodation was turned into flats.
Failed asylum seekers get new £80,000 astroturf football pitch in detention centre.
West Ham sell Upton Park in biggest London football stadium redevelopment.
Swimming set to appeal against funds withdrawal from women's Olympic sports.
Brownlee brothers get on their bikes in support of Yorkshire Festival of Cycling.and take a ride through the set of Emmerdale while they're at it!.
Prince Harry and Boris Johnson enjoy a playdate at the Olympic Park.
London's Olympic Park officially opens to the public.
Athens Olympic relay stars team up again after ten years to inspire next generation.
Sport and PE in schools have slumped since 2012 London Olympics.
Olympic legacy loses steam as Sport England reveal 245,000 people give up swimming.
Olympic legacy at risk after 222,000 Brits turn their backs on sport in last six months.
Tessa Jowell says London Olympics 2012 legacy has been 'squandered'.
Usain Bolt will return to Olympic Stadium where he won three gold medals, at Anniversary Games.
Karren Brady took over Olympic Stadium in a deal financed by the taxpayer.
Karren Brady hits back at Olympic Stadium critics and says West Ham took over the house nobody wanted.
400k fewer are doing sports after London's 2012 Olympic Games.
Tom Burgess aiming for London rugby league 'legacy' after New Zealand clash.
The property legacy of London 2012: Four years on, what’s it like to live in the Olympic village?.
London Assembly demands West Ham's landlord's accounts.
Sadiq Khan to take control of West Ham's London Stadium.
More than 30,000 cyclists ride from London to Surrey and back again

SUBJECTIVE SENTENCES:
Another £9.3bn down the drain?
MARTIN SAMUEL: On your marks for the 2012 mowing race.
I¿m sorry, this is nothing short of a national disgrace.
THAT WAS THE SPORTING WEEK: He who laughs last.
A look at the stories that duped the public on April Fool's Day.
Cultural Olympiad 2011: An orgy of politically correct and expensive nonsense.
Taxpayers 0 West Ham 1: Club could still move without paying £20million.
Olympics budget: Games could go £2bn into the red.
Beet-It beetroot juice shots give James White drinks an Olympic boost.
Mo Farah's joyful embrace of Britishness and why these Games mark a truly historic watershed.
Don¿t be a twit, Jezza.
So far its all smoke and glitter.
Don't whinge, just enjoy those golden memories - MARTIN SAMUEL.
MARTIN SAMUEL - THE DEBATE: West Ham saved the Olympic Stadium from the idiots who built it, no wonder Karren Brady is smiling.
Classical musicians call for UK tax breaks similar to those given to foreign sports stars.
MARTIN SAMUEL - THE DEBATE: Olympic legacy?
Olympics bosses receive £2.8million in golden goodbyes despite knowing their jobs would be axed after 2012.
VisitEngland hopes 'Wiggins effect' will help boost tourism as it reveals 2014 highlights.
Britain's Thin Outside but Fat Inside kids health time-bomb.
Nation must hope and pray that Mo Farah's only error is being absent-minded.
Olympic Stadium costs rise by whopping £35m as West Ham prepare to move in.
but club will only pay £15m of £272m total.
West Ham's Olympic Stadium move means we still have a home for heroes, but it doesn't sit there doing nothing for 50 weeks.
Olympic legacy building project in London slammed by architects over 'boring' buildings.
No Hitler analogies when Boris Johnson flew the flag for Beijing.
